What!
Our family affairs have nothing to do with you
Get out of here
What did you mean just now?
Don't talk about marriage, go away
You say you are too
Don't bring everyone home
Also, you must marry the young master next door
This time invite tenders
When the neighbors get a new project, they will work with us
At that time, our Gao family will rise to the sky in one step
The future is bright
Do you know
Got it, Mom.
tell the truth
What's the matter with you and the courier?
I have nothing to do with him
You lied to your mother.
How can you fool me?
I was pregnant with his child
Are you kidding?
You and the courier
And we have already received the certificate today.
You're crazy, you got a certificate with him
What about your marriage to the Lins?
It was one month ago.
My mom drugged me
Sent me to Lin Weiting's bed
Who is Lam Wai Ting?
Black Zombies are notorious
How many women has he killed?
So I tried my best to get out of his room
As a result, I accidentally crashed into the room of the man who died
You said your aunt drugged you
Just to send you to Lin Weiting's bed
Anyway, it is impossible for me to marry Lin Weiting
Then you can't marry the courier either.
But he is still the father of my children
I admit it, I still don't quite understand.
You said you went to a five-star hotel, right?
He is a courier.
How can you stay in a five-star hotel room?